you may have asked yourself the question
why aren't the videos of my favorite
YouTuber perhaps the money GPS ending up
on my YouTube home screen well I'm going
to show you exactly why that is
happening now and let me give you a
little hint YouTube changed everything
and didn't tell anybody let's begin with
the left panel here as we see it number
one is home and then you have a few down
subscriptions well they've changed
everything on the home screen you'll get
recommended videos which most of the
time is a bunch of garbage you have to
click on subscriptions now once you
click on subscriptions you get the
videos that you are actually subscribed
to so if you want want to make sure that
you're actually
getting the individuals that you have
subscribed to you want to make sure you
get every single video you get notified
of all of them you have to wait for it
double
subscribe that's right YouTube you
created a redundancy in the most basic
feature of YouTube the
subscription people have to do a twice
so I hate to be the bearer of bad news
but this is how it works now so if I go
to a channel that I am subscribed to
already you head over to the top corner
and you see this little bell icon
directly beside the word
subscribed and you click on the little
bell and there is send me all
notifications for this channel there's
also some manage settings if you're
interested you hit save and now you will
begin to get every one of
those this is unfortunate the way this
works but many individuals have asked
why I'm not receiving the money GPS on
my home screen when I get into YouTube
this is precisely the reason so if you
could share this video with others so we
can get that information out there and
hopefully YouTube will change their
system back to something that makes more
sense